you
precisely five minutes ago at who labs
an accident occurred during a mad cow
disease cure experiment they're sending
us this footage they are working on
regulating it but they are encouraging
all residents nearby to stay indoors at
all costs
get in
so where are we going
it's a safe house of sorts and if it's
name proves true we'll be safe there
absurd listen to more survivors they
look friendly enough well bring them
here then
so on banks head of this place and
former police chief for back in a day
you
I'm afraid that's classified what are
you some kind of secret agent yes okay
well show you and your buddy around
here's the armory that may seem like
much but believe me it's not good enough
against the world all the time comes now
this is what we call Plan B remember the
zombies breach the gate and we need to
scram this is our evacuation go to here
we have the main computer room every
door in this facility can be opened or
locked shut for this console now here we
have the prized possession of this
facility
our own zombie
and here you'll find the other survivors
that's my number one man jobs Katie
John's Marcus Harold Joe and Lucy
can I have a word sure so everyone here
at this facility has something to
contribute I can see you most likely are
quite a marksman but how about your
friend what would you say he's really
good at I don't know I honestly just met
him
well I guess we can't kick him out or
anything disgusting isn't it what the
way an ordinary homeless person is
transformed in an instant to a
bloodthirsty monster so what all do you
know about this virus what I know is
classified but I don't think it matters
much anymore three years ago I was on an
assignment to kill a zombie he was in a
top secret base in the middle of nowhere
I got the job done but I don't know what
I do know is that you got to kill that
thing you won't believe those scientists
they were going to let him out that's
ridiculous
we'll never do that will you
just think that this zombie might have
been before sure it could have been some
terrible person who deserve this but who
knows what if he was like a pasta at a
church what do you think I think it's a
zombie and needs to be exterminated we
have that zombie strictly for scientific
purposes only who knows we might find a
cure there's no cure as there is no way
to contain that zombie you have to kill
it just think what if he's still in
there hey why don't you take a step back
please
I think I recognize him I think some
somewhere get away from there right now
if only I think I hey RIS jobs yeah oh
no open the door open the door yeah Oh
No